Move snippets to code /2 (#28096)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/minimal-apis/security.md

1. Configuring the authorization requirements in a policy globally.
2. Applying individual policies to resources.

In the following code, <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.PolicyServiceCollectionExtensions.AddAuthorizationBuilder%2A> is invoked which:

- Adds authorization-related services to the DI container.
- Returns an <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizationBuilder> that can be used to directly register authentication policies.

The code creates a new authorization policy, named `policy_greetings`, that encapsulates two authorization requirements:

- A role-based requirement for users in the `admin` role.

> - A claim-based requirement via <xref:Microsoft.Identity.Web.PolicyBuilderExtensions.RequireScope%2A> that the user must provide a `greetings_api` scope.

Author: Review required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A role-based requirement via <xref:Microsoft.Identity.Web.PolicyBuilderExtensions.RequireRole%2A> for users with an `admin` role.
- A claim-based requirement via <xref:Microsoft.Identity.Web.PolicyBuilderExtensions.RequireScope%2A> that the user must provide a `greetings_api` scope.
```

For consistency?
